This directory contains the Haskell Report, version 1.1.

The .verb files are the Report proper, written as souped-up LaTeX
files; "haskell.verb" is the top-level file.  The .verb files are
pre-processed into .tex (ordinary LaTeX) files by "verbatim".  The .hs
files are the Haskell source for the standard prelude.

TO PRINT THE REPORT

You must have a "big" TeX/LaTeX to produce the Report from its
sources.  If your LaTeX uses the new font-selection scheme, you will
need to make adjustments as described at the top of the "haskell.verb"
driver file.

Alternatively, you may grab the file "hsReport-1.1.dvi.Z" (compressed
DVI file) or "hsReport-1.1.ps.Z" (compressed PostScript file) from
wherever you got this distribution, and print directly.

The report is set up to make pages suitable for **TWO-SIDED**
duplication.  If you have a "big" TeX/LaTeX and the program
"makeindex", type "make" and then print "haskell.dvi" in your
favo[u]rite way; we do:

    % make haskell.dvi
    % dvips -P<your-printer> haskell.dvi

In the unlikely event that your first LaTeX run changes the page
numbering (e.g., you get a "Warning: Label(s) may have changed"
message), you will need to RE-RUN "make haskell.dvi" one or two times
so that cross-references can stabilise, before printing.

If you want a **ONE-SIDED** format, make the adjustments indicated in
the "haskell.verb" driver file.

"makeindex" is in the Unix TeX distribution; you can also get it by
anonymous FTP from ucbarpa.berkeley.edu.  Otherwise, you can almost
certainly use a pre-built "haskell.ind" file supplied with the
distribution...

    * If you messed up your "haskell.ind" file, restore it with 
      "cp haskell.ind.two-sided haskell.ind".
      (or "...one-sided", as appropriate)

    * Remove the makeindex-using rule in the Makefile

    * Type "make haskell.dvi", etc., as described above.

    * Be prepared for the page numbers in the index to be wrong if,
      for some reason, your LaTeX breaks pages at different places
      from our LaTeX (shouldn't happen, but...).

Don't delete the TeXified standard prelude files (Prelude*.tex) unless
you can run "splitAndIndexPgm" with which to re-make from the
Prelude*.hs files.  You must have "perl" to run "splitAndIndexPgm".
"perl" is available by anonymous FTP from many sites, including
comp.sources.unix archives, jpl-devvax.jpl.nasa.gov and
prep.ai.mit.edu.

Please send comments about this distribution to Will Partain,
partain@dcs.glasgow.ac.uk.  Weightier matters about Haskell should be
directed to the Haskell mailing list discussed in the Preface.  Happy
Haskell hacking!
